Add authorization warning for quickstart UI session management page (#525)
DuendeSoftware/docs.duendesoftware.com: IdentityServer/v7/docs/content/ui/server_side_sessions/session_management.md

The Quickstart UI contains a simple administrative page (under the "ServerSideSessions" folder) that uses the *ISessionManagementService* API.

{{% notice note %}}

> The UI template doesn't include pre-configured authorization in the form of an authorization policy e.g. We strongly recommend to add authorization suitable to your organization for non-test environments.

Reviewer: I think we should expand this a bit, and it also needs some copy-editing.

I would try to emphasize what the end user needs to do, rather than what the template doesn't do.

Author: I have changed the wording.

> In the template the administrative page is protected by checking if the caller uses a local IP address. We strongly recommend to add authorization suitable to your organization for non-test environments by adding an authorization policy and enforce that using the *Authorize* attribute for example.

Reviewer: Local IP address isn't true yet, because we haven't released the templates with that update.

```suggestion
The Quickstart session administrative page requires a logged in user to manage sessions. We strongly recommend that you add additional authorization suitable to your organization by adding an authorization policy.
```

{{% /notice %}}

> It looks something like this (but of course you are free to customize or change it as needed):

Reviewer: After adding the note, it becomes less clear what "It" refers to here.

```suggestion
The session management page looks like this by default, but of course you are free to customize or change it as needed:
```
